README.md, before:

# 0x11. C - printf

## Synopsis

*This is a simple implementation of the _printf function that formats and prints data*

## Description

*The **_printf** function produces output according to a format which is described below. This function write its output to the **stdout**, the standard output stream. Returns the number of characters printed(excluding the null byte used to end output to strings).*

- The available conversion specifiers are:

  - %c: Prints a single character
  - %s: Prints a string of characters.
  - %d: Prints integers.
  - %i: Prints decimal integers.
  - %b: Priints the binary representation of an unsigned decimal.
  - %u: Prints unsigned integers
  - %x: Prints the hexadecimal representation of an unsigned decimal in lowercase letters
  - %X: Prints the hexadecimal representation of an unsigned decimal in uppercase letters
  - %:  No argument is converted. The complete conversion specfication is **%%**


## Usage

  - All your files will be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
  - Compile using gcc, using the options -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89
  - Include the "main.h" header file on the functions using _printf


## Authors
- Ernest Push Gbaboh [gbabohernest](https://github.com/gbabohernest)
- Oziegbe Daniel [Loven-D](https://github.com/Loven-D)


## Acknowledgements

*The **_printf** fucntion emulates functionality of the c standard library function **printf**
This program was written as part of the curriculum for ALX Software Engineering Program. A Full-stack software engineering program that prepares students for careers in the tech industry using project-based peer learning*

Commit message:

Add a function to print reversed string and rot 13 string

README.md, after:

# 0x11. C - printf

## Synopsis

*This is a simple implementation of the _printf function that formats and prints data*

## Description

*The **_printf** function produces output according to a format which is described below. This function write its output to the **stdout**, the standard output stream. Returns the number of characters printed(excluding the null byte used to end output to strings).*

- The available conversion specifiers are:

  - %c: Prints a single character
  - %s: Prints a string of characters.
  - %d: Prints integers.
  - %i: Prints decimal integers.
  - %b: Priints the binary representation of an unsigned decimal.
  - %u: Prints unsigned integers
  - %x: Prints the hexadecimal representation of an unsigned decimal in lowercase letters
  - %X: Prints the hexadecimal representation of an unsigned decimal in uppercase letters
  - %:  No argument is converted. The complete conversion specfication is **%%**
  - %r: Prints a reversed string
  - %R: Prints the Rot13 interpretation of a string



## Usage

  - All your files will be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
  - Compile using gcc, using the options -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89
  - Include the "main.h" header file on the functions using _printf


## Authors
- Ernest Push Gbaboh [gbabohernest](https://github.com/gbabohernest)
- Oziegbe Daniel [Loven-D](https://github.com/Loven-D)


## Acknowledgements

*The **_printf** fucntion emulates functionality of the c standard library function **printf**
This program was written as part of the curriculum for ALX Software Engineering Program. A Full-stack software engineering program that prepares students for careers in the tech industry using project-based peer learning*
